--- 
title: At Sunset With Her 
layout: post
---

**It was one of those blurry house parties.**

I saw many of my friends. Some with cigarettes in their hands, some with beers and others with snacks. I had just entered, fashionably late. 

A big “Wooo\! Look who’s here\!” welcomed me. 

Sure enough, my eyes searched for her. I hadn’t spoken to her in like a week. I wasn’t even sure what I’d say after my fuck up. Why do I keep fumbling all the beautiful women in my life? 

I grabbed a drink. Whiskey neat. Some social lubricant was needed. 

“So where is she?” I asked Arjith, the host. 

“I knew you’d ask that.” He said with a laugh. “Come let’s go to the terrace.” 

I gulped the drink and followed him, and sure enough there she was. Pretty as a picture on the terrace, overlooking the sunset in a black salwar and a cigarette touching her lips. It was a cool November day. Cool for Chennai standards. 

She turned around, a bit startled. Her eyes popping, the black kajal around them slightly smudged. Looked like she had been out the whole day. 

“I’ll leave you both to it.” Arjith said and left with a wink.

“So finally, you wanted to see me huh?” 

“I’ve always wanted to see you.” 

“All sweet now, where was that Varun a few weeks ago?” 

“Come on di, I told you I was sorry.” 

“Hmmm, you asshole, you knew I couldn’t be angry at you if I saw you. And you come wearing my favorite shirt on you.” 

“*Nee mattum?* Why are you wearing a salwar to a house party like an idiot?” I retorted. 

“Don’t think too much of yourself okay? I came here directly from my cousin’s wedding reception.” 

“Too see me right?” I asked.

“Yeah right\!” She said as she blew smoke over my face. 

I moved closer to her, we stood looking at the sky turn reddish-pink matching the color of her lips. 

I grabbed the cigarette from her hand and took a puff. 

“Ass.”

“Yes Ma’am, I’m your ass.” I said as my hands made their way around her hips. 

“Ahem.” She coughed and grabbed her cigarette back. 

“What?” I asked, annoyed. 

“What exactly are you trying to do?” She turned and looked into my eyes directly. I felt a little weak in my knees. 

“Nothing.” I said. She kept her eyes on me as if tempting me to look away or kiss her. 

“Kiss me *da naaye.*” She pulled me towards her. 

Our lips touched. 

*She put the cigarette down and lit the world around us on fire.* 